hello poverty rate my first voice
tutorial this is a tomahawk spot series
so I'm going to be showing you how to
get some really nice game winning kill
cams in Search and Destroy so i'm going
to show you where to place the camera
spike where to plant the bomb and from
where I should show you tomorrow to get
the Creator game winning kill and then
I'm going to do all the maps in black
ops in alphabetical order starting with
array so let's start by getting over to
the a site on array in array a there is
a great corner here it's very dark you
can place your cameras back here point
straight towards a and then you should
plant the bomb on this side and towards
the left side of the bottom I play plant
the bomb should head back towards your
spawn and there should be a corner
between some blocks here and you go
straight into the corner look straight
up towards a as you can see and just
throw your tamaak and if drunk Alexei
you should hit the defuser p and these
do look really great in the running
killcams as you can see and this on
that's hard to hit if you know the right
spot if the tomahawk is always gonna
lend their if you do it right and now
let's get head over towards me on be
it's kind of hard to get a good on
camera spike because they're not much
room so the enemies might spot your
camera spy but i would still just take
my cameras back here in this corner too
near the barrels closer place it in the
house on the other side of the bomb site
and you the bomb is it plant on this
side straight in the middle of the bomb
and also happen to the bomb head back
towards your spawn again and go near
this fence and between these fence and
the concrete block there is a corner and
now look straight up towards be again
and just try to mock
and if done correctly you should it
should land with you our game exactly
where you can put the bomb and kill the
guy so this was the first episode of my
to mark spots and I'm going to be doing
some more soon I don't know when yet but
soon so please like and subscribe if you
want to see more tomalak spots and yeah
thanks for watching